test cases


1.

The user should be able to view all the moons and planets on one screen.

As a user I can view all the available planets and moons on the main screen.

Assert that the list of moons and planets are displayed on the screen.

2.
The user should be able to search for certain moons and planets and have only the results of their search terms displayed in real-time.

As a user I can search for planets or moons that I want to view and only have those displayed on the screen as I type my search keywords.

Assert the search terms correctly correspond to the list that is displayed in real-time.

3.
The user can separate the moons and planets columns with ease.

As a user I can look at the planets data or just the moon data without hassle.

Assert swiping or selecting the appropriate tabs will populate the list with just moons or planets.

4.
There must be a “favorite” section where the user can add planets or moons to a favorite list of their choosing.

As a user I can add planets or moons to my favorite list and it will be saved for viewing later on.

Assert pressing the + button will add that particular space body to the favorite list.
5.
Each planet or moon must have a more descriptive section whenever the user selects that particular planet or satellite.

As a user I can find out more information about the planet or moon after selecting it from the list.

Assert that when selecting a planet or moon from the list, its properties are properly pulled from the database and displayed on the screen.
6.
Each body should have an image so that the user has an idea of what it looks like.

As a user I can get an idea of what a planet or moon looks like by seeing the image associated with it.

Assert that the each space body has the correct image associated with it.
7.
The user should be able to go back to the main screen after looking at the description of each item.

As a user I can go back to the main screen after looking at the description of each item.

Assert that pressing the back button on the detail screen will go back to the main screen.

8.
There should be animation of the objects in the screen moving when the search terms are changed.

As a user I can see animation of the boxes containing the planet or moon info when I change the search terms.

Assert that when changing the search query, the items in the list will animate displaying its removal or addition.